---
id: 1971
title: 28.4 pounds
date: 2007-05-23T15:29:00+00:00
author: Ann
layout: post
guid: http://gofitgirl.com/?p=1971
permalink: /2007/05/23/284-pounds/
blogger_blog:
  - annchihakpoff.blogspot.com
  - annchihakpoff.blogspot.com
blogger_author:
  - Annhttp://www.blogger.com/profile/09423686397592539506noreply@blogger.com
  - Annhttp://www.blogger.com/profile/09423686397592539506noreply@blogger.com
blogger_permalink:
  - /2007/05/284-pounds.html
  - /2007/05/284-pounds.html
title_tag:
  - Compliments on my weight-loss
  - Compliments on my weight-loss
sfw_comment_form_password:
  - tzf7J8BoHLh9
sfw_pwd:
  - vX836UrJyHEA
categories:
  - diet
  - weight
tags:
  - food
  - new clothes
  - weight loss
---
At WI in today I was down 4.4 pounds (which we knew the drop would be drastic from last week of having &#8220;gained&#8221; weight), for a total loss of 28.4 pounds!!!!!! I have 1.2 pounds to go to hit goal.  
This weekend will be a challenge since we will be out of town and staying with friends. I will do my best&#8211;that is all I can do.

I have been getting a ton of compliments lately on my weight loss. Last week my boss told me I was getting skinny. His boss told me how great I look. Someone else told me I have been looking really cute (all those cute new little clothes). I have just been getting a ton of compliments. It makes me feel really good. Today my particular cute outfit has created many compliments. Someone even said people were talking, Hey, did you see Ann&#8217;s cute outfit!  
Then there are the haters: I have been told &#8220;I hate you.&#8221; And I already went through the crap from yesterday. But it happened (not quite as extreme) today at cake and ice cream. (Goodbye for Alicia. We also had Hawaiian food for a goodbye to her at lunch&#8211;I brought my own food.) People had to make a point that I wasn&#8217;t having any cake and ice cream. To me it wasn&#8217;t worth the points. I don&#8217;t like cake that much and I am not a cookies and cream ice cream fan. If it was other ice cream I probably woulda eaten it.  
  
Here is what I have to say to the haters:  
The pain of passing up food is temporary. The rewards of weight loss are forever.  
&#8211;Anonymous